hi everybody and welcome to Sonny's bump
grabs
we've got more tasty recipes coming your
way and today's yummy one is called pear
Nana it's fun to say fun mmm mmm ah
right and it's featuring as you would
guess it payers and banana cool so pears
are full of fiber and vitamin C and
potassium and bananas are also known for
their potassium and they also have lots
of fiber and both of these fruits are
great for helping babies when they have
constipation don't get going so that's
good to know and like I always say it's
best to buy them organic just so you
know that there's no pesticides it's not
GMO just pure and natural the way mama
nature intended so we're gonna chop
these up and blend them up and eat them
here we go and a quick tip for you mamas
it's best to introduce fruits after
introducing veggies into your baby's
diet because fruits are like the candy
of the baby world they're so sweet and
yummy and full of natural sugars so
veggies first blue oh good it's ready
thank gosh baby's hungry oh yes turn
Nana time you excited
can you sit up and run ok maybe not
today but let's try it
boy look so noisy and quiet hmm here we
go
is you here you like that blue and we
want to know what you and your little
booboo think of this recipe so please
leave a comment below and don't forget
to follow us on Twitter and like us on
Facebook and we'll see you next time